# Devs
This file is for the devs of the game. It has info on some dev-things.
## Contributing
Before you do anything, you should probably tell the rest of the devs what you're going to do so work doesn't get messed up. If you're using a local git client, make sure your local repo is up to date. If you're making changes that need to be tested, aka pretty much anything regarding changing code, make a new Godot project (or update your old one), replace its contents with the current repo, and test your changes there. Once you've tested and everything, commit the changes to a fork and open a pull request, and I'll merge it in (assuming it isn't something like "replace entire repository contents with 'cheetos.txt'" (though that would be pretty funny)).
## Code and style
Consistency is important in code. Try to follow the [GDScript style guide](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/getting_started/scripting/gdscript/gdscript_styleguide.html) when you can, and when coding, try to have a consistent style of code with the rest of the game. Additionally, try to add comments to all your code, so other people looking at the source code can more easily understand what's going on.
## Images, sounds and other files
We don't want to make Land of Licensing have a bigger file size than it needs to. Unless you have a specific reason to, don't save things like metadata, color values from transparent pixels, and other things that aren't really useless. You may want to optimize images before adding them to the game, too. However, do *not* use lossy optimization or compression. We do not want to sacrifice quality.
